18 new step print message (#19)
IBM/gauge-web-app-steps: docs/STEPS.md

  - [Assert page screenshots resemble \<file> with SSIM more than \<threshold>](#assert-page-screenshots-resemble-file-with-ssim-more-than-threshold)
  - [Assert page screenshots resemble \<file> with SSIM more than \<threshold> for \<pages>](#assert-page-screenshots-resemble-file-with-ssim-more-than-threshold-for-pages)
  - [Fail \<message>](#fail-message)
  - [Print message \<message>](#print-message-message)

> 

Reviewer: Wait, the documentation is missing.

|Desktop|Android (Chrome)|iOS (Safari)|
|:-----:|:--------------:|:----------:|
|   ✔   |       ✔        |     ✔      |

## Print message \<message>

> \* Print message "Please finish this scenario"

> This step adds the specified message in the report and print it in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step adds the specified message in the report and prints it in the terminal.
```

> This step will leave the specified message in the report and print it in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step adds the specified message in the report and print it in the terminal.
```
